if you fold me on patreon you will know
that just in the last couple of days of
spent time speaking to a great many
left-wing extremists communists
socialists far-left people I've actually
also had conversations with some
right-wing far-right extremists the last
couple days but those were not posted on
the Internet and that's kind of a
strange saddening look into the funhouse
mirror of the way that political faith
distorts other human beings experience
of life on Earth
this video is largely about politics and
the way in which our political
commitments shape our psychology or
perception of the world it also happens
to be about sex and so and the women in
these videos are just like going wild
like they're screaming like oh god right
it looks like they're having orgasms
like ten times during one sexual
encounter what I've heard again and
again in my debates with communists in
the last several days would have heard
again and again is a very peculiar
self-sabotaging mode of thought whereby
they artificially lower their
expectations to such an extent that it
justifies their own position in life as
frustrated revolutionaries it justifies
their ethical position as people who
make excuses for regimes that were
failures it justifies their position
intellectually in terms of the excuses
they have to make for economic theories
that don't make sense economic theories
that are not credible that are not taken
seriously in university contexts that
don't have equations that are used to
actually get meaningful results in this
kind of thing there are sort of so many
strange things they have to compensate
for as communists as people who openly
espouse this largely discredited and
despised philosophy and it's remarkable
to me that in this discussion of human
sexuality much the same thing is going
for these women when they're presenting
their own sense of sexual
dissatisfaction and their sense of
sexual inadequacy but they presented as
a set of myths about life on earth as if
they're universal since an experience
that I had recently you know I think
I've talked about this before that I had
been in a long-term relationship for
quite some time which ended last year
and so I'm back on the dating scene and
trying to navigate you know having sex
with new people and so yeah I had met
this one person we really hit it off me
like I love chemistry and whatever but I
could tell that there was a lot of
anxiety for him around getting me off
and we'll get into this later but yeah
like first few times that you're with a
new person like the woman is probably
not getting off right yeah and I think a
huge so I guess I'll get into a little
bit how men have been socialized to
think about female orgasms and okay I'll
say that first of all I feel like
there's a disproportionate weight that's
placed on orgasms in general like
there's disproportionate importance both
in the minds of men and women yeah I
think that a huge problem with female
orgasms is that at least from a male
gaze is that they've been taught to want
to give a female orgasm but not really
for the pleasure in and of itself of the
women but rather as like this
competitive domineering feeling that
they can unlock in another women there's
this almost like pride that goes I think
men are conditioned from a young age to
to need to satisfy a lot of women in
order to prove their masculinity and
with that comes the necessity to make
them come not because you want them to
be not really because the focus is on
when
Pledger but rather on like collecting
almost these like points or these like
gold stars that bolster your masculinity
I mean from the conversations I've had
with other men and what I'm thinking in
particular like they don't talk about
sex that much amongst themselves like
the intricacies of like women's bodies
or how they're feeling emotionally
connected or not to their partner but
it's more like oh like I made her [ __ ] or
like I [ __ ] this money those many
girls you know or it's it still is very
like higher I could go a competitive way
of looking at sex and basically just
looking at sex as a way to bolster your
own dominance and masculinity so I think
that it does lead to feelings of like
failure and self-loathing if you're not
able to fulfill that role as a man and
so it's really toxic for both parties
like the majority of porn is male gaze
porn but it's stuff it's stuff that
would that like a penis would find
pleasurable but it's never it's not
stuff that would that a vagina would
find pleasurable like we dug with a
little time but like if there's like
this kind of sound ever ah no no no
right and the women in those boys like
that that does not feel good it doesn't
feel good ever no and so none of the
women in these videos are just like
going wild like they're screaming like
haha right it looks like they're having
orgasms like 10 times during one sexual
encounter and so men walk away from that
thinking that like this is what sex is
and like this is what sexy this is what
women find sexy this is how what
encounter should look like and then so
yeah of course like women also feel this
pressure to perform during sex and to be
like uh uh making these noises and like
feigning like they are orgasming if I'm
faking it you're gonna think that what
you're doing works works and is that
what you're doing gives me pleasure and
so you're never gonna learn anything
else you're not going to ask any
questions getting it because you're
gonna be like oh I already know it what
I'm doing alright this works great like
how many men have I slept with who have
been in like one
turn relationships and I'm like oh my
god yeah and like the others are going
hard on the [ __ ] they're like doing the
like they're putting my legs above their
neck they're like just doing the like P
and the V in and out in and out without
any wave motion or anything and I'm like
really did your last girlfriend enjoy
this cuz I know she didn't turn out well
she didn't so I'm like I guess she made
you believe that she did and now I have
to deal with this and then if I start to
say if I don't if I don't fake it then
you think something's wrong with me
really you think there's something wrong
like with our sexual chemistry and that
like we just don't fit together every
vagina raised up really and we're not
claiming to know everything about how
every Medinah works however I will say
that they're a certain thing yes that
I've had done to me where I'm like I
know with near certainty yes that no one
enjoys this no I've been talking to a
lot of Communists in just the last few
days and I've been reminded of the
extent to which communists in the year
2019 are people who have to live
balancing a set of very contradictory
forces at all times so to give an
example one communist was insisting to
me that Cuba has a really wonderful
healthcare system and I just paused and
asked well do you really think that Cuba
has a great health care system compared
to Scotland Denmark Japan and Taiwan you
really think you've as a world-class
health care system and no I mean as the
discussion went on it was revealed that
he was lowering his standards to such an
extent that really all he was saying was
compared to a country in sub-saharan
Africa that's completely
poverty-stricken and as a disaster by
that standard Cuba has a good health
care system but some incredibly low
standard um another communist I spoke to
this is just within the last few days
was contextualizing mass murder and
Cambodia mass murder carried out by
communist by saying that
at about the same time historically in
Indonesia there were massacres being
carried out also and he really was using
this to justify well in a sense what he
was saying was how dare you complain
about mass murder
carried out by communists in one place
when there was mass murder carried out
by other people who are not communists
in another place and you could say that
this is again kind of in an absurd sense
lowering your standards so that the
disasters that have been real-world
communist regimes don't seem so
disastrous communists are people who
have to at all times live with the kind
of justification for why they believe in
an economic theory that's discredited
debunked not used in universities it's
not used in a pragmatic sense to make
economic forecasts they're not producing
like useful equations for real-world
applications of economics why it is that
they defend and make excuses for a
philosophy that isn't just associated
with mass starvation and mass murder but
also is just associated with really
depressing dingy mediocre and awful
political and social results and what I
mean by that is if if you were going to
somehow distract yourself from look away
from the mass murder or the masturbation
that really the really outstanding
failures of communism if you were going
to distract yourself from the fact that
people in these societies did not have
the right to vote did not have the right
to choose their government choose who
ruled them they did not have the right
to complain against the people who did
rule them they didn't have the right to
for example write articles published
editorials in a newspaper complaining
about government corruption or
complaining about water pollution or
anything else even if you overlook all
of these things it's just not the case
that when we look back at the history of
the last 200 years life in communist
regimes is wonderful or positive
doesn't stand out in history of the
world again whether we compare it to
Denmark Japan or anywhere else or
basically the quality of life health
care or education and indeed were the
fabric of society in the progress of
culture itself has been generally
positive so it struck me in hearing
these arguments from people over the
last couple of days how similar the
psychology was to what Maxie and
privileged vegan did in this podcast
which was they justified their own
sexual inadequacy by projecting it out
into the world as universal and making
truth claims that would basically
pretend that everyone on earth is
sexually crippled in the same way that
that they are I've spoken to Communists
who would really try to claim that all
regimes all governments all around the
world are oppressive in the same way the
communist regimes are and therefore it's
okay and therefore doesn't matter and
it's really bizarre to hear Mexi and
marine stating that they they truly
believe there are no women in the world
who enjoy penetrative sex that there
were no women in the world who have war
hazards and penetrative sex they believe
that it's completely fake and
implausible and ridiculous for a woman
to have ten orgasms during sex they
believe that what they see in
pornography in vanilla straight
pornography is entirely fake and
impossible that the women expressing you
know that they're having orgasms and so
on and why do they believe this they
believe it only because their own
experience of sexuality is is so much
more negative and it would require a
more humbling adjustment of their
perception of the world to stop and look
at that failure without the excuse of
thinking or pretending
that everyone else on earth is
struggling with the same failure -
they're not you know the contrast
between East Germany and West Germany is
absolute life in West Germany was better
than life in East Germany for everyone
not just the rich the rich in the for
life
the contrast between North Korea and
South Korea it's absolute life in South
Korea still today it's not just better
for the rich it's better for the poor
it's better for everyone
education health care of the fabric of
society and at almost any point in the
20th century life in a place like Japan
or a place like California was better
than life in the Soviet Union life in
communist China under Mao Zedong there's
there's just no comparison it's a kind
of inverse jealousy that communists
engage in I think they get into a really
fragile state of mind where what they
want to do is preclude the possibility
of allowing themselves to think in terms
of that humbling comparison
[Music]